[Favorites list]
! Title: Favorites list
! Description: Recommended favorite block list annotation

# Smartphones:
! AdAway Default Blocklist Hosts
https://adaway.org/hosts.txt
! Privacy android-tracking Domains
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perflyst/PiHoleBlocklist/master/android-tracking.txt
! GoodbyeAds Xiaomi Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jerryn70/GoodbyeAds/master/Extension/GoodbyeAds-Xiaomi-Extension.txt
! GoodbyeAds Samsung Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jerryn70/GoodbyeAds/master/Extension/GoodbyeAds-Samsung-AdBlock.txt
! hostsVN IOS Ads Hosts 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigdargon/hostsVN/master/option/hosts-iOS
! hostsVN IOS For Adguard Pro application
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigdargon/hostsVN/master/filters/adservers-all.txt
! AdGuard Safari filter:
https://filters.adtidy.org/extension/chromium/filters/12.txt

# Hosts - Domains - AGH
! Smart-TV Blocklist for AGH
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perflyst/PiHoleBlocklist/master/SmartTV-AGH.txt
! WindowsSpyBlocker Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crazy-max/WindowsSpyBlocker/master/data/hosts/spy.txt
! Malicious URL Blocklist AGH 
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/urlhaus-filter-agh.txt
! Scam Blocklist by DurableNapkin Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/durablenapkin/scamblocklist/master/hosts.txt
! Dan Pollock's List Hosts
https://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/hosts
! NoCoin Filter Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hoshsadiq/adblock-nocoin-list/master/hosts.txt
! The Big List of Hacked Malwaware Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/The-Big-List-of-Hacked-Malware-Web-Sites/master/hosts
! Privacy-protection-tools/anti-ad AGH
https://anti-ad.net/easylist.txt
! üéÆ Game Console Adblock List AGH&Pi-hole
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/GameConsoleAdblockList.txt
! The Block List Project - Malwaware Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/blocklistproject/Lists/master/malware.txt
! Nginx Ultimate Bad Bot Blocker Domains
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/nginx-ultimate-bad-bot-blocker/master/_generator_lists/bad-referrers.list
! GoodbyeAds YouTube Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jerryn70/GoodbyeAds/master/Extension/GoodbyeAds-YouTube-AdBlock.txt
! Blacklist Adserver Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anudeepND/blacklist/master/adservers.txt
! Lightswitch05's Hosts ads-and-tracking extended
https://www.github.developerdan.com/hosts/lists/ads-and-tracking-extended.txt
! Lightswitch05's Hosts amp-hosts-extended
https://www.github.developerdan.com/hosts/lists/amp-hosts-extended.txt
! Lightswitch05's Hosts dating-service
https://www.github.developerdan.com/hosts/lists/dating-services-extended.txt
! Firehol_level1 max protection IP Lists
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/firehol/blocklist-ipsets/master/firehol_level1.netset
! Firehol_level4 max protection IP Lists
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/firehol/blocklist-ipsets/master/firehol_level4.netset
! Team Cymru Fullbogons (IPv6) IP Lists
https://www.team-cymru.org/Services/Bogons/fullbogons-ipv6.txt
! Team Cymru Fullbogons (IPv4) IP Lists
https://www.team-cymru.org/Services/Bogons/fullbogons-ipv4.txt
! Phishing & Malware OLBAT Domains
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/olbat/ut1-blacklists/master/blacklists/phishing/urls
! BlockUnderRadarJunk Domains
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UnluckyLuke/BlockUnderRadarJunk/master/blockunderradarjunk-list.txt
! Phishing Army | hBlock Hosts
https://hblock.molinero.dev/hosts_adblock.txt
! Google Ads and ID.G tracking Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kowith337/PersonalFilterListCollection/master/hosts/hosts_google_adservice_id.txt
! Unified hosts = (adware + malware)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/hosts
! Prigent-Malware Domains
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Malware.txt
! SUS Lists Personal by WaLLy3K Domains
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/static/w3kbl.txt
! Spam blacklist Domains
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/matomo-org/referrer-spam-blacklist/master/spammers.txt
! Spam Suspicious by ValeSila Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VeleSila/yhosts/master/hosts
! Easyprivacy Firebog Domains
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Easyprivacy.txt
! Prigent-Ads Domains
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Ads.txt
! NoTrack Tracker Domains
https://gitlab.com/quidsup/notrack-blocklists/raw/master/notrack-blocklist.txt
! OSINT.digitalside.it Malicious Domains
https://osint.digitalside.it/Threat-Intel/lists/latestdomains.txt
! Phishing Domains Blocklist by mitchellkrogza
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/Phishing.Database/master/active-domains.adblock
! Discord&Steam Phishing Domains
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dogino/Discord-Phishing-URLs/main/scam-urls.txt
! Peter Lowe's List Hosts
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=adblockplus&showintro=1&mimetype=plaintext
! Ad-wars Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jdlingyu/ad-wars/master/hosts
! SecureReload Phishing Domains
https://securereload.tech/Phishing/Lists/Latest/
! Anti-WebMiner, Block Crypto & PUPs Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TogoFire-Home/AD-Settings/main/Filters/hosts.txt
! D3host Hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/d3ward/toolz/master/src/d3host.txt
! Phishing URL Blocklist AGH
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/phishing-filter-agh.txt
! KADhosts 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PolishFiltersTeam/KADhosts/master/KADhosts.txt

# Whitelist
! AGH Whitelist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TogoFire-Home/AD-Settings/main/Filters/whitelist.txt
! Hl2 agh whitelist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hl2guide/AdGuard-Home-Whitelist/main/whitelist.txt
! Banks agh Whitelist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/HttpsExclusions/master/exclusions/banks.txt
! Torrent Domains Whitelist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/im-sm/Pi-hole-Torrent-Blocklist/main/all-torrent-trackres.txt

# UBO Only
! Malicious URL Blocklist to uBlockOrigin
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/urlhaus-filter.txt
! ABPVB UBO
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abpvn/abpvn/master/filter/abpvn_ublock.txt
! Easylist Cookie List Filter UBO
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-cookiemonster_ubo.txt

# DNS Filter
! AdGuard DNS filter
https://adguardteam.github.io/AdGuardSDNSFilter/Filters/filter.txt
! uBlockOrigin filters
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters.txt
! uBlockOrigin 2020
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2020.txt
! uBlockOrigin 2021
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2021.txt
! uBlockOrigin 2022
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2022.txt
! uBlockOrigin 2023
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/filters-2023.txt
! uBlockOrigin ‚Äì Annoyances
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/annoyances.txt
! uBlockOrigin ‚Äì Badware
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/badware.txt
! uBlockOrigin ‚Äì Privacy 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/privacy.txt
! uBlockOrigin - Quick fixes list 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/quick-fixes.txt
! uBlockOrigin ‚Äì Unbreak 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/unbreak.txt
! uBlockOrigin ‚Äì Resource abuse 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uBlockOrigin/uAssets/master/filters/resource-abuse.txt
! Brave DNS
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brave/adblock-lists/master/brave-unbreak.txt
! üíä Dandelion Sprout's Anti-Malware List (for AdGuard Home, and for AdGuard for Android/Windows' DNS filtering)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/Alternate%20versions%20Anti-Malware%20List/AntiMalwareAdGuardHome.txt
! ADS Mochi DNS Filter Abroad - „ÇÇ„Å°„Éï„Ç£„É´„ÇøÔºàÂ∫ÉÂëä„Éñ„É≠„ÉÉ„ÇØÔºâ
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/eEIi0A5L/adblock_filter/master/mochi_filter.txt

# Filters
! Easylist Filter
https://easylist.to/easylist/easylist.txt
! Brazil: Anti-Clutter by Alex Silva Filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ialexsilva/anti-clutter/master/filter/anticlutter.txt
! Scam Blocklist by DurableNapkin AG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/durablenapkin/scamblocklist/master/adguard.txt
! Malicious URL Blocklist AdGuard
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/urlhaus-filter-ag.txt
! Privacy-protection-tools/anti-ad for Adguard
https://anti-ad.net/adguard.txt
! The Block List Project - Malwaware AG
https://blocklistproject.github.io/Lists/adguard/malware-ags.txt
! Anti APKMirror Ads and Coundown Filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kowith337/PersonalFilterListCollection/master/filterlist/specific/AntiAPKMirrorCountdown.txt
! Easylist Cookie List Filter
https://secure.fanboy.co.nz/fanboy-cookiemonster.txt
! ABPVN
https://abpvn.com/filter/abpvn-fN2BbD.txt?adguard
! NoCoin Filter 
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hoshsadiq/adblock-nocoin-list/master/nocoin.txt
! Web Annoyances Ultralist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yourduskquibbles/webannoyances/master/ultralist.txt
! D3host Adblock Filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/d3ward/toolz/master/src/d3host.adblock
! Phishing URL Blocklist AG Filter
https://malware-filter.gitlab.io/malware-filter/phishing-filter-ag.txt
! Legitimate URL Shortener Filter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/LegitimateURLShortener.txt
